docs: README cleanup (#1024)
ava-labs/firewood: README.md

![Github Actions](https://github.com/ava-labs/firewood/actions/workflows/ci.yaml/badge.svg?branch=main)
[![Ecosystem license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Ecosystem-blue.svg)](./LICENSE.md)

> :warning: Firewood is beta-level software.
> The Firewood API may change with little to no warning.

Firewood is an embedded key-value store, optimized to store recent Merkleized blockchain

> state with minimal overhead. Merkleized blockchains store their state in Merkle tries to support efficient generation and verification of state proofs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
state with minimal overhead. Most blockchains, including Avalanche's C-Chain and Ethereum, store their state in Merkle tries to support efficient generation and verification of state proofs.
```

and does not support accounts.
To enable this feature (at the cost of some performance) enable the ethhash [feature flag](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/features.html#command-line-feature-options).

Enabling this feature
changes the hashing algorithm from [sha256](https://docs.rs/sha2/latest/sha2/type.Sha256.html)
to [keccak256](https://docs.rs/sha3/latest/sha3/type.Keccak256.html),
understands that an "account" is actually just a node in the storage tree at a specific depth with a specific RLP-encoded value,
and computes the hash of the account trie as if it were an actual root.

It is worth nothing that the hash stored as a value inside the account root RLP is not used.
During hash calculations, we know the hash of the children,
and use that directly to modify the value in-place
when hashing the node.
See [replace\_hash](firewood/storage/src/hashers/ethhash.rs) for more details.

## Run

There are several examples, in the examples directory, that simulate real world
use-cases. Try running them via the command-line, via `cargo run --release

> --example insert`.

Reviewer 2: We say there's several examples but currently we only have one example (`inserts`). Could we reword this to say that there's _an example_ available for users to test out?

In the future, it would be awesome to add multiple examples/have a fully interactive CLI.

Author: We do have a fully interactive cli (fwdctl). Maybe we should rename this to `fwdcli` as it does more than control firewood already. I'll create an issue.

Author: #1028

> For maximum runtime performance at the cost of compile time,

Author: Seemed less wordy?
